document the known issue about the missing root ca certs and the workaround (#608)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/news/release-notes.md

* [(kiali.io) Aditional CI issues](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/issues/5631)
* [Kiali heatmap tooltips are too compute-heavy](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/issues/5634)

Known Issues:

> With the recent move to a distroless container, [root CA certificates went missing](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/issues/5643). This affects the Kiali integration with OpenID. This will be fixed in the next release. The workaround is to use one of the "-distro" image tags found on the [Quay.io repo](https://quay.io/repository/kiali/kiali?tab=tags) by specifying it in the `deployment.image_version` setting of the [Kiali CR](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/kialis.kiali.io/#.spec.deployment.image_version) or [server helm chart value](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/blob/v1.60.0/kiali-server/values.yaml#L48). If using the operator, in order to be able to set the `deployment.image_version` within the Kiali CR, you must [enable the allowAdHocKialiImage setting](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/blob/v1.60.0/kiali-operator/values.yaml#L66-L70) when installing the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the move to a distroless container in v1.59, [root CA certificates went missing](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/issues/5643). This affects the Kiali integration with OpenID. The problem will be fixed in the next release (V1.61).  The workaround is to use one of the "-distro" image tags found on the [Quay.io repo](https://quay.io/repository/kiali/kiali?tab=tags) by specifying it in the `deployment.image_version` setting of the [Kiali CR](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/kialis.kiali.io/#.spec.deployment.image_version) or [server helm chart value](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/blob/v1.60.0/kiali-server/values.yaml#L48). If using the operator, in order to be able to set the `deployment.image_version` within the Kiali CR, you must [enable the allowAdHocKialiImage setting](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/blob/v1.60.0/kiali-operator/values.yaml#L66-L70) when installing the operator.
```

> With the move to a distroless container in v1.59, [root CA certificates went missing](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/issues/5643). This affects the Kiali integration with OpenID. The problem will be fixed in the next release (V1.61).  The workaround is to use one of the "-distro" image tags found on the [Quay.io repo](https://quay.io/repository/kiali/kiali?tab=tags) by specifying it in the `deployment.image_version` setting of the [Kiali CR](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/kialis.kiali.io/#.spec.deployment.image_version) or [server helm chart value](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/blob/v1.60.0/kiali-server/values.yaml#L48). If using the operator, in order to be able to set the `deployment.image_version` within the Kiali CR, you must [enable the allowAdHocKialiImage setting](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/blob/v1.60.0/kiali-operator/values.yaml#L66-L70) when installing the operator.

Author: ```suggestion
With the move to a distroless container in v1.59, [root CA certificates went missing](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/issues/5643). This affects the Kiali integration with OpenID. The problem will be fixed in the next release (v1.61).  The workaround is to use one of the "-distro" image tags found on the [Quay.io repo](https://quay.io/repository/kiali/kiali?tab=tags) by specifying it in the `deployment.image_version` setting of the [Kiali CR](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/kialis.kiali.io/#.spec.deployment.image_version) or [server helm chart value](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/blob/v1.60.0/kiali-server/values.yaml#L48). If using the operator, in order to be able to set the `deployment.image_version` within the Kiali CR, you must [enable the allowAdHocKialiImage setting](https://github.com/kiali/helm-charts/blob/v1.60.0/kiali-operator/values.yaml#L66-L70) when installing the operator.
```
